We get offline functionality and our app seems to work fine but we get some issues,
let's start with some errors we're getting.
You'll see we have 79 errors here,
you might have less or more
but if we have a look at them, we see they're all related to fetch.
We also got errors here in the console where we can't load some Chrome extension,
now you might not have that, this clearly is coming from some Chrome extension and you can simply ignore
this here,
it's not related to the web app here.
Now in the application tab, all these fetch errors,
well they're simply coming from the fact that when we try to make a network request there, we of course
return it from our cache
but our fetch event itself,
so when we tried to fetch it from the network, failed. We can easily handle these,
let's go to our fetch request here
and let's add a catch block to handle any errors and there, I'll simply do nothing.
Now let me save this,
turn on or turn off offline mode and reload this, clear the errors here, skip waiting, load the new service
worker,
we only get the Chrome extension error here now.
Now if I go back to offline mode and reload here, we get this an unknown error occurred when fetching
the script error
too and this is stemming from our app.js
file. Here when we registered a service worker, here,
we of course try to fetch that and the service itself isn't cached,
so therefore this does not work.
Now caching the service worker doesn't make sense because it wouldn't do it anyways, it wouldn't fetch
it from the cache and it's good that it wouldn't do that because we would enter an infinite loop where
we could never update our application because we would constantly fetch an old version of the service
worker from the cache
even though we might have a new one.
So therefore this is good,
it's not working
but this is where this error is coming from,
we can ignore it.
These are the error messages, we get more subtle issues in this app too though.
Let's have a look at these in the next lecture.